# usersegmentation
this code has 5 sections:
1.	First of all, I imported the necessary libraries  and loaded the CSV file from my google drive. then I used print(df.isnull().sum()) for check missing value. Irealized that I have lost a lot of missing values in data.

2.	I can either drop the rows or fill the missing values with a good strategy, such as the mean or median value. I used df.dropna(axis=1) first but when I used dropna to remove all the rows with missing values, I had lost a significant amount of data. Instead of removing all missing values, I try imputing them. One common method of imputation is to replace missing values with the mean or median value of the column. So To do this with the median, I used df.fillna(df.median()).

3.	To start by exploring the data using some basic statistical measures and visualization techniques.From this code, I see that the dataset contains 29 columns and 21984 rows. There are some missing values in some columns, such as PREFERRED_DEVICE and AVERAGE_DELIVERY_DISTANCE_KMS. I also plotted some basic visualizations, including a histogram, boxplot, and scatterplot to gain some insights into the data.
4.		There are several ways for user segmentation, but one common technique is to use clustering algorithms to group similar users based on certain features. I selected six columns that I want to use for clustering. I then scaled the data using the StandardScaler function to ensure that all the features have a similar scale. I then applied the k-means clustering algorithm to group the users into three clusters based on these six features. Finally, I added the cluster labels to the original dataframe and visualized the clusters using a scatterplot.

5.	With mean values, I can give some interpretation of the clusters. For example, cluster 0 has a relatively high average purchase value and total purchases, but a relatively low purchase count and average delivery distance. This cluster might represent users who make large orders but do not order frequently and are located close to the restaurants. Cluster 1 has a relatively high purchase count and distinct purchase venue count, but a low average purchase value and total purchases. This cluster might represent users who order frequently from a variety of restaurants but make smaller orders. Cluster 2 has a relatively high average delivery distance and average days between purchases, but a low purchase count and total purchases. This cluster might represent users who order less frequently and are located far from the restaurants.

these interpretations are based on the limited set of features I used for clustering and may not be entirely accurate or representative of the entire user base. I can further improve the user segmentation by exploring more features, trying different clustering algorithms, and evaluating the performance of the clustering based on some metrics such as silhouette score or within-cluster sum of squares.


